>> GOOD AFTERNOON.
MR. PRESIDENT-ELECT, MADAM VICE
PRESIDENT-ELECT, I’M HUMBLED AND
HONORED BY THE TRUST THAT YOU
HAVE PLACED IN ME TO BECOME A
MEMBER OF YOUR CABINET AS
AMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED
NATIONS.
IN THE YEARS THAT I’VE WORKED IN
GOVERNMENT, I’M ALWAYS STRUCK BY
HOW ONLY IN AMERICA WOULD WE BE
WHERE WE ARE TODAY, WHERE LIFE
CAN BE HARD AND CRUEL, BUT THERE
IS HOPE IN THE STRUGGLE, THERE
IS PROMISE IN OUR DREAMS, WHERE
YOU LEARN TO BELIEVE IN YOURSELF
AND THAT ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE.
LIKE BOTH OF YOU, I LEARNED FROM
MY FAMILY, MR. PRESIDENT-ELECT,
THANK YOU FOR THOSE GENEROUS
WORDS THAT YOU SAID ABOUT ME.
MY PARENTS HAD VERY LITTLE BACK
IN LOUISIANA WHERE I GREW UP,
BUT THEY GAVE ME AND MY SIBLINGS
EVERYTHING THEY HAD, AND I KNOW
HE HOW PROUD THEY WOULD BE OF
THIS DAY.
ON THIS DAY, I’M ALSO MISSING MY
MENTOR, AMBASSADOR ED PERKINS,
WHO SERVED AS THE U.S.
AMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED NATIONS
UNDER PRESIDENT GEORGE H.W.
BUSH, AND PRESIDENT CLINTON.
AND WHO WAS ALSO FROM LOUISIANA.
HE TOLD ME CONSTANTLY, LINDA,
DON’T UNDERSELL YOURSELF.
AND HE WOULD ALWAYS DO
EVERYTHING POSSIBLE TO LIFT ME
UP.
HE PASSED AWAY LAST WEEK, BUT I
KNOW HE’S HERE WITH US TODAY.
AND ON THIS DAY I’M THINKING
ABOUT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, MY
FELLOW CAREER DIPLOMATS AND
PUBLIC SERVANTS AROUND THE
WORLD, I WANT TO SAY TO YOU
AMERICA IS BACK, MULTILATERALISM
IS BACK, DIPLOMACY IS BACK.
MR. PRESIDENT-ELECT, I’VE OFTEN
HEARD YOU SAY HOW ALL POLITICS
IS PERSONAL, AND THAT’S HOW YOU
BUILD RELATIONSHIPS OF TRUST AND
BRIDGE DISAGREEMENTS AND FIND
COMMON GROUND.
AND IN MY 35 YEARS IN THE
FOREIGN SERVICE ACROSS FOUR
CONTINENTS, I PUT A CAJUN SPIN
ON IT, I CALLED IT GUMBO
DIPLOMACY.
WHEREVER I WAS POSTED AROUND THE
WORLD, I WOULD INVITE PEOPLE OF
DIFFERENT BACKGROUNDS AND
BELIEFS TO HELP ME MAKE A ROUX
AND CHOP ONIONS FOR THE HOLY
TRINITY AND MAKE HOMEMADE GUMBO.
IT WAS MY WAY OF BREAKING DOWN
BARRIERS, CONNECTING WITH
PEOPLE, AND STARTING TO SEE EACH
OTHER ON A HUMAN LEVEL, A BIT OF
LANYAP IS WHAT WE SAY IN
LOUISIANA.
THAT’S THE CHARGE IN FRONT OF US
TODAY.
THE CHALLENGES WE FACE, A GLOBAL
PANDEMIC, A GLOBAL ECONOMY, A
GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE CRISIS,
MASS MIGRATION AND EXTREME
POVERTY, SOCIAL JUSTICE ARE
UNRELENTING AND INTERCONNECTED.
BUT THEY’RE NOT UNRESOLVABLE IF